benjamin_work_of_art.md:One might subsume the eliminated element in the term “aura” and go on to say: that which withers in the age of mechanical reproduction is the aura of the work of art. This is a symptomatic process whose significance points beyond the realm of art. One might generalize by saying: the technique of reproduction detaches the reproduced object from the domain of tradition. By making many reproductions it substitutes a plurality of copies for a unique existence. And in permitting the reproduction to meet the beholder or listener in his own particular situation, it reactivates the object reproduced. These two processes lead to a tremendous shattering of tradition which is the obverse of the contemporary crisis and renewal of mankind. Both processes are intimately connected with the contemporary mass movements. Their most powerful agent is the film. Its social significance, particularly in its most positive form, is inconceivable without its destructive, cathartic aspect, that is, the liquidation of the traditional value of the cultural heritage. This phenomenon is most palpable in the great historical films. It extends to ever new positions. In 1927 Abel Gance exclaimed enthusiastically:
benjamin_work_of_art.md:It is inherent in the technique of the film as well as that of sports that everybody who witnesses its accomplishments is somewhat of an expert. This is obvious to anyone listening to a group of newspaper boys leaning on their bicycles and discussing the outcome of a bicycle race. It is not for nothing that newspaper publishers arrange races for their delivery boys. These arouse great interest among the participants, for the victor has an opportunity to rise from delivery boy to professional racer. Similarly, the newsreel offers everyone the opportunity to rise from passer-by to movie extra. In this way any man might even find himself part of a work of art, as witness Vertov’s Three Songs About Lenin or Ivens’ Borinage. Any man today can lay claim to being filmed. This claim can best be elucidated by a comparative look at the historical situation of contemporary literature.
foucault_archaeology.md:What it seeks in the texts of Linnaeus or Buffon, Petty or Ricardo, Pinel or Bichat, is not to draw up a list of founding saints; it is to uncover  the regularity of a discursive practice. A practice that is in operation, in the same way, in the work of their predecessors; a practice that takes account in their work not only of the most original affirmations (those that no one else dreamt of before them), but also of those that they borrowed, even copied, from their predecessors. A discovery is no less regular, from the enunciative point of view, than the text that repeats and diffuses it; regularity is no less operant, no less effective and active, in a banal as in a unique formation 144-145
foucault_hermeneutics_2003.md:As techniques of true discourse, listening, knowing how to listen properly, reading and writing properly, as well as speaking, will be the permanent support and continuous accompaniment of ascetic practice 333-4
fuller_media_ec_2005.md:As a form of speculative writing, the inventory (the list of items and supplies required for an expedition, an experiment, to open up a laboratory) opens up the space of a system of objects arranging itself in composition with as yet unknown combinatorial materials. 14
fuller_media_ec_2005.md:Elements in a paratactic list always open up into a matrix of immanent universes. Each of the elements in a list is hypotactically stacked in relation to the immanence of what it is next to, what it abuts to and differs from. Such hypotaxis is virtual, that is, for its actualization it demands power to the imagination. 14
fuller_media_ec_2005.md:Each compositional fragment, each item on the list … opens up into other permutational fields. 16
haraway_companion_2003.md:Co-constitutive companion spacies and co-evolution are the rule, not the exception. These arguments are tropic for my manifesto, but flesh and figure are not far apart. Tropes are what make us want to look and need to listen for surprises that get us out of inherited boxes. 32
jullien_efficacy_1997.md:As a cultural phenomenon, the compiling of a list could be considered one of the most neutral acts. The task of assembling different compatible cases is merely one of tabulation, a concise and discreet (sic) operation hardly even deserving to be so named. 111-112
jullien_efficacy_1997.md:123-124 – has passages on the difference between Western and chinese logic of lists. 
jurassic_park_dialog.md:X (tapping the screen) Vehicle headlights are on and they're not responding. They shouldn't be running off car batteries. Item 151 on today's glitch list. We have all the problems of a major theme park and a major zoo, and this group's not even on its feet yet.
lazzarat_1996.md:The general public tends to become she model for the consumer (audience/client). The public (in the sense of the user-the reader, the music listener, the television audience) whom the author addresses has as such a double productive function. In the first place, as the addressee of the ideological product, the public ls a constitutive element of the production process. In the second place, the public is productive by means of the reception that gives the product “a place in life” (in other words, integrates it into social communication) and allows it to live and evolve. Reception is thus, from this point of view, a creative act and an integrative part of the product. The transformation of the product into a commodity cannot abolish this double process of “creativity”; it must rather assume it as it is, and attempt to control it and subordinate it to its ouni values. 145
lazzarato_signs_machines_2014.md:Asignifying semiotics (stock listings, currencies, corporate accounting, national budgets, computer languages, mathematics, scientific functions and equations as well as the asignifying semiotics of music, art, etc.) are not beholden to significations and the individuated subjects who convey them. They slip past rather than produce significations or representations. 80
leroy_hood.md:First, discovery science is now an accepted concept. Second, the human genome has provided us with a genetics parts list for humans and the other model organisms whose genomes have been sequenced. We must do biology to figure out how these parts function, and now we have them—genes, control sequences, etc.—in databases. Third, the Human Genome Project has given us access to human variability, the genetic variations which make humans different from one another—different in physiology and different in disease predisposition. And it's in this arena that medicine will be utterly transformed over the next 20 years or so.
lury_topological_2012.md:a new order of spatio- temporal continuity for forms of economic, political and cultural life today. This ordering of continuity emerges, sometimes without explicit coordination, in practices of sorting, naming, numbering, comparing, listing, and calculating. 4
lury_topological_2012.md:The effect of these practices is both to introduce new continuities into a discontinuous world by establishing equivalences or similitudes, and to make and mark discontinuities through repeated contrasts. The topological cultural forms (or constantly changing deformations) of lists, models, networks, clouds, fractals, and flows proliferate. In the movements of these dynamic forms there is a multiplica- tion of relations of equivalence and difference and a radical expansion of the possibilities of establishing comparisons 4
malley_statistical_learning_2011.md:logistic regression is the default "simple" model for predicting a subject's group status. ... it can be applied after a more complex learning machine has done the heavy lifting of identifying an important set of predictors given a very large list of candidate predictors. It could also be inlcuded as a "measurement" in a learning machine, so that predictions from one machine can be into the input for other machines.  43
malley_statistical_learning_2011.md:Given data, a tree is generated by  first selecting a feature from the full list of features, and the selection is occurs at every node under consideration for splitting. Often the feature list is very big.  ... However, no distributional assumptions or other statistical premises are made in decision trees concerning the features or the subjects. 120
malley_statistical_learning_2011.md:Selecting a single feature for consideration is done randomly from the full list of predictors. 120
peirce_pragmatism_1960.md:We reflect that the whole function of thought is to produce habits of action; and that whatever there is connected with a thought, but irrelevant to its purpose, is an accretion to it, but no part of it. If there be a unity among our sensations which has no reference to how we  shall act on a given occasion, as when we listen to a piece of music, why we do not call that thinking. §400
thibaud_walkman_2003.md:The walking listener reveals the hidden sides of the city according to three movements. First movement is from visible to audible. ... The second movement is from perception to action. ... The third movement is from private listening to public secret. 330-331
zehle_african_software_2005.md:#  <nettime> is a moderated mailing list for net criticism,
